Our client for this project was a company called The Gaming Room. The staff at The Gaming Room 
asked our help in facilitating the development of the web-based version of their gaming app 
called Draw It or Lose It, where players would attempt to guess what was depicted in an image 
slowly rendered on their screens over a 30 second period.  My collection of requirements and 
listing of design constraints helped design this application, and the team’s coding of the Draw 
It or Lose It application met the requirements stated by the client as listed in the Software 
Design Document found in this repository.  I was responsible for finishing code which had been 
written by other team members and making the code compile and run as per the client's 
specifications, which ran successfully after my editing. 

The creation of this Software Design Document helped set the framework for the development of 
this application.  If I could choose one part of my work on these documents ro revise, I would 
mention the benefits of the implementation of a hybrid operating platform rather than a strictly 
cloud-based one.  Implementing a hybrid operating platform would allow The Gaming Room's 
application Draw It or Lose It to retain the control afforded by a more traditional physical 
server-based operating platform while also leveraging the powerful functionalities of cloud 
computing as referenced in the Software Design Document included in this repository.   

In order to implement the user’s needs into my software design, I carefully reviewed the r
equirements stated by the client and formed them into a comprehensive Software Design Document 
on which the code developed for this application was based.  Consideration of the needs of the 
client and of their users is of the utmost importance since the very existence of each project 
is based on our goal of achieving the client’s needs by helping them satisfy the needs of their 
users.   

My approach to designing software involves the facilitation of the client’s process of using 
our service to achieve their goals by understanding and listening carefully to their needs in 
order to build their desired application around said needs.  I will then use my object oriented 
programing skills to create an effective, efficient and scalable software solution which meets 
and exceeds client needs based on their stated requirements for each project.  
